Enforce gerund-avoidance and reason-first sentence structure in Copilot writing style rules (#52964)
dotnet/docs: .github/agents/docseditor.agent.md

- ❌ "Once you have completed the setup" → ✅ "Once you complete the setup"
- Look for ANY pattern with: "have/has + past participle", "have/has been + verb-ing"

**SCAN FOR AND CONVERT gerund phrases to clearer constructions that name the actor (these are examples - find ALL similar patterns):**
- ❌ "When working with the API..." → ✅ "When you work with the API..."
- ❌ "Before deploying the application..." → ✅ "Before you deploy the application..."
- ❌ "After configuring the settings..." → ✅ "After you configure the settings..."
- ❌ "By using this method..." → ✅ "When you use this method..."

> - Look for ANY introductory or dependent clause that starts with a gerund (-ing form) and replace it with "you + verb"

Reviewer: @copilot It's not always necessarily "you + verb". It could be a feature or service or consumer performing the action.

> - Look for ANY introductory or dependent clause that starts with a gerund (-ing form) and replace it with "you + verb"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Look for ANY introductory or dependent clause that starts with a gerund (-ing form) and replace it with "<person or entity performing the action> + verb"
```
